So, guys, you can download all the codes which are related to G.L. threads from this, you are all
in this directory.
You will find four files that will try to attach jail to see which implements the functionality of jail.
Threads that may not see is a file would simulate as application which demonstrate how to make use of
the entrance.
And then you have a make file which is used to compile your application as well as trial threads.
So now let us have a quick look and discuss the implementation of G.L. threads.
So, guys, you can see that I have opened the file will to attach, right, so it is a header file
which contains the definition related to GM threats.
So you can see that have different the structure Gyul thread load, which contains only left and right
pointer.
There is no way to start date.
Remember, industrial not.
And then I defined the structure which actually represent the dual threat itself that does list.
So list have a head which points to the first node present in a dual thread and the second member in
the list is the offset.
Now we already know that.
What is the use of this offset?
Then I have declared two basic functions over dual threats.
The dual threat and NGL threat remove the threat and is used to insert a new node which is parsed as
a second argument to a joint thread which is parsed as a first argument.
Similarly, the remove is used to remove the GM node, which is parsed as a second argument to dysfunction
from the GM threat list, which is passed as a first argument to this function.
Now you already know how to write it.
Macros, GM threads are no exception and you must know how to write iterative macros for dual threads.
Now, since we have already discussed how to write iterative macros in sufficient detail, I expect
you that you understand how this iterative macro rug's.
And we also have another macro called offset, of which we have already disclosed it is used to find
the offset of a field present in the structure, which is passed as a first time to this macro.
Now, on the right hand side, I have the implementation of functions which are declared in the header
file for trial threads, so the file on my right hand side is actually thread Nazi source file.
And you can see that here is the implementation of geostrategy function and the implementation of G.L.
tried to move function.
Right.
So I leave it to you, to your analysis that you must go through this implementation of red dot seesaws
file, or in fact, it will be better that you implement your own dual track libretti and implement
basic functions for Gyul threads.
So take the source code as a reference to help you out to write your own jail library.
Now let us discuss Main Doxies source file, which illustrate the use of Gyul threats.
So many is a source while would simulate an application, and you can see that in the source file,
we have defined the structure implied.
Right, and this implies structure has Gyul Node called G.A..
And then we have a function which actually prints all the details of the implied object.
Now you can see that in the main function we have declared the implied object and we have finished the
fields of this object.
Similarly, we have another object and we have another implied object that we have created to imply
objects and populated the respective fields with some data.
Now, once you have three objects ready in line number fifty one, we have created a new giant threat
list, right.
And we have initialized this list in the next line after initialization of G.L. threat list, we now
insert the three objects that we have created using giant threat.
Add Ippei.
Then after that, I demonstrate the use of I to my crew, and using this I treated my crew, I traverse
over this employee list and the details of all the employee objects present in this jail threat list
that does imply list.
Then I demonstrate the use of GM to remove API and I remove the second employee from this dual threat
and to confirm that the object is actually removed from the GM threat.
Again, I tripped over this trial thread and print and implied details which are present industrial
threat.
So when you compile and execute your program, you will see that the second employee will not be printed.
And then finally, I took over the drill thread one final time and remove all the G alerts, which is
present in this GM thread one by one, and free the application data.
And finally, you should free the gold thread, which is nothing but a playlist, so this is the simple
program which demonstrate the use of liberty that we have just written.
So take the source code as a reference and you should try writing your own jail tree library, G.L.
CU Library, G.L. Stack Library or or any other good version of that, a structure that you could think
of.